instructions added and updated for 17 changes (#6)
LaunchCodeEducation/java-web-dev-curriculum: content/assignments/techjobs-oo/task2/index.md

Fortunately, IntelliJ has a tool to help with this:

1. Right-click in the editor pane and select Generate.
1. Select the Getter and Setter option.
1. Select the `value` option, then click _OK_.  you should now see the getters and setters.
1. Since the unique value of `id` is set with the constructors, we only need to add a getter for this field. Select Generate again and use the Getter option for `id`.

{{% notice blue "Note" "rocket" %}} 
Want to use fewer clicks? You could always _Generate_ getters and setters for both `id` and `value`, and then delete the `setID` method.

Be careful, though. If you forget to remove `setID`, then users can change the `id` value, which may cause problems in the program.
{{% /notice %}}

## The `PositionType` Class
Open the class file. This time the constructors, getters, and setters are done. Sally’s comments direct you to where you need to add the custom methods.

<!-- //TODO: Update link below when Classes and Objects part 2 chapter is added to this book -->

1. Code a `toString` method that just returns the `value` of a `PositionType` object.

> 1. Use the _Generate_ option again to add the `equals` and `hashCode` methods. Refer to the [previous section](https://education.launchcode.org/java-web-development/chapters/classes-part2/equals-shortcut.html#equals-shortcut) of this chapter if you need a quick review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the _Generate_ option again to add the `equals` and `hashCode` methods. Refer to the [Classes and Objects Part 2]() IntelliJ Generator Shortcut section if you need a quick review.
```
